Fix duplicate events (#126)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Adds a person to UniGenda without needing complete information about the person.

Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER [tg/TELEGRAM] [gh/GITHUB] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...`

> * You cannot add duplicate persons. Persons are considered to be duplicates if they share the same name(case-insensitive) and phone number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You cannot add duplicate persons. Persons are considered to be duplicates if they share the same name (case-insensitive) and phone number.
```

> * You cannot add duplicate persons. Persons are considered to be duplicates if they share the same `NAME`(case-insensitive) and `PHONE_NUMBER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You cannot add duplicated persons in UniGenda. Persons are considered to be duplicates if they share the same NAME (case-insensitive) and PHONE_NUMBER.
```

Author: We change this to non caps then?

* You can remove all the person’s tags by typing `t/` without
  specifying any tags after it.
* You can also remove telegram, github, email, or address by typing its corresponding prefix without specifying anything after it.

> * You cannot edit a person's `NAME` and/or `PHONE` such that there will be duplicate persons in UniGenda. Persons are considered to be duplicates if they share the same `NAME`(case-insensitive) and `PHONE_NUMBER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You cannot edit a person's NAME and/or PHONE_NUMBER such that there are duplicated persons in UniGenda. Persons are considered to be duplicates if they share the same NAME (case-insensitive) and PHONE_NUMBER.
```
